Add GRS feature (#4075)
IBM-Cloud/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_volume_group_action.html.markdown

  - Constraints: The maximum length is `1` items. The minimum length is `1` items.
  Nested scheme for **pi_volume_group_action**:
    - `reset` - (Optional, List) Performs reset action on the volume group to update its status value.
      - Constraints: The maximum length is `1` items.
      Nested scheme for **reset**:
        - `status` - (Required, String) New status to be set for a volume group.
    - `start` - (Optional, List) Performs start action on a volume group.
      - Constraints: The maximum length is `1` items.
      Nested scheme for **start**:
        - `source` - (Required, String) Indicates the source of the action `master` or `aux`.
    - `stop` - (Optional, List) Performs stop action on a volume group.
      - Constraints: The maximum length is `1` items.
      Nested scheme for **reset**:
        - `access` - (Required, Boolean) Indicates the access mode of aux volumes.
- `pi_volume_group_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of volume group on which action is to performed.

## Attribute reference
In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

> - `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the volume group action. The ID is composed of `<power_instance_id>/<volume_group_id>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the volume group action. The ID is composed of `<pi_cloud_instance_id>/<volume_group_id>`.
```

- `replication_status` - (String) The replication status of volume group.
- `volume_group_name` - (String) The name of the volume group.
- `volume_group_status` - (String) The status of the volume group.

## Import

> The `ibm_pi_volume_group_action` resource can be imported by using `power_instance_id` and `volume_group_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ibm_pi_volume_group_action` resource can be imported by using `pi_cloud_instance_id` and `volume_group_id`.
```

Author: done
